Ring Buffer Convolution Example in C
====================================

Overview
--------

This code demonstrates the usage of a ring buffer for the estimation of derivatives using AlgDiff in C Code. The main file generates a signal, performs convolution using a predefined kernel, and saves the results to files.

Instructions
------------
1. **Export filter coefficients**: The notebook export2ipynb can be used to export filter coefficients into a suitable format.

2. **Compile the Code**: Compile the code using a C compiler (e.g., GCC) to generate the executable.

   ```bash
    gcc main.c -o ring_buffer_convolution

3. **Run the Executable**: Execute the compiled program to perform the signal processing and save the results to files.

   ```bash
    ./ring_buffer_convolution

3. **View Results**: Check the generated `result.txt` and `signal.txt` files to view the processed signals. the python function `test_c_code.py` can be used to plot the sitnals.

Code Explanation
----------------

- The main function initializes a ring buffer for signal storage and performs convolution on the generated signal.
- It then saves the original and convolved signals to separate files (`signal.txt` and `result.txt`, respectively).
- The number of samples (`N`) can be adjusted to change the duration the signals.

File Descriptions
-----------------

- **main.c**: Contains the main code for initializing the ring buffer, generating and processing signals, and saving the results.
- **RingBuffer.h**: Header file containing the definition of the RingBuffer struct and function prototypes for buffer initialization and value insertion. This file is automatically generated by AlgDiff.
- **functions_algdiff.h**: Header file containing function prototypes for signal processing functions such as convolution.
- **AlgDiff.h**: Header file containing predefined constants and data structures for signal processing.
- **result.txt**: File containing the convolved signal data.
- **signal.txt**: File containing the original signal data.

Dependencies
------------

- C Compiler (e.g., GCC)
- Standard C Library (stdio.h, stdlib.h, math.h)

